feat: press page (#828)
asyncapi/website: pages/about/index.md

title: About

---
## About AsyncAPI

AsyncAPI is an Apache License 2.0 library under the Linux Foundation that seeks to improve the current state of Event-Driven Architectures (EDA). The AsyncAPI Initiative is a specification and growing set of open-source tools to help developers define asynchronous APIs, and build and maintain event-driven architectures. 

> Developers familiar with OpenAPI (aka Swagger) for RESTful APIs will see strong similarities when using AsyncAPI. One common use case is generating documentation (HTML or Markdown) of an asynchronous API. The specification is both platform and language agnostic. Current tooling includes support for common message brokers such as Apache Kafka and RabbitMQ, and languages including Python, Java, and Nodejs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers familiar with OpenAPI (aka Swagger) for RESTful APIs will see strong similarities when using AsyncAPI. One common use case is generating asynchronous API documentation (HTML or Markdown). The specification is both platform and language agnostic. The current tooling includes support for common message brokers such as Apache Kafka and RabbitMQ and languages including Python, Java, and Nodejs. 
```

> Our long-term goal is to make working with EDAs as easy as working with REST APIs. That goes from documentation to code generation, from discovery to event management, and beyond. Our 150+ Open-Source (OSS) contributors are EDA enthusiasts from all around the world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our long-term goal is to make working with EDAs as easy as working with REST APIs. That goes from documentation to code generation, discovery to event management, and beyond. Our 150+ Open-Source (OSS) contributors are EDA enthusiasts from all around the world.
```

## Maintainers 

**Committers** (also known as **Maintainers**) are the decision-makers at the repository/project level. They regularly contribute to the project and are invited by other maintainers to manage the repository, have more privileges, and approve pull requests.

The committers rule the repository, but for issues that go beyond that, there is a [Technical Steering Committee (TSC)](/community/tsc). This committee comprises all the maintainers who voluntarily want to be part of this committee, thus taking responsibility for overseeing the initiative.

> You can check the list of maintainers belonging to the TSC [here](/community/tsc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the list of maintainers who are also part of the [AsyncAPI TSC here](/community/tsc).
```

title: About

---
## AsyncAPI

AsyncAPI is an Apache License 2.0 library under the Linux Foundation that seeks to improve the current state of Event-Driven Architectures (EDA). The AsyncAPI Initiative is a specification and growing set of open-source tools to help developers define asynchronous APIs, and build and maintain event-driven architectures. 

Developers familiar with OpenAPI (aka Swagger) for RESTful APIs will see strong similarities when using AsyncAPI. One common use case is generating asynchronous API documentation (HTML or Markdown). The specification is both platform and language agnostic. The current tooling includes support for common message brokers such as Apache Kafka and RabbitMQ and languages including Python, Java, and Nodejs. 

Our long-term goal is to make working with EDAs as easy as working with REST APIs. That goes from documentation to code generation, discovery to event management, and beyond. Our 150+ Open-Source (OSS) contributors are EDA enthusiasts from all around the world.

> ## History

Reviewer 2: We need to adjust this whole section about history as it sounds like it represents people working on AsyncAPI -> `We are in love`

It should be in a form "that you describe it as an observer of the history", not "that you describe it as your history".

In other words, instead of this:

```
This project started at Hitch (a.k.a. API Changelog). We are in love with API machine-readable documentation formats (OpenAPI, RAML, etc.) and always encouraged our customers to use a machine-readable definition for their APIs because it allows them to get extra benefits. From documentation and code generation to setup their own [API Assistant](http://apiassistant.com).

Internally, we used a message-driven microservices architecture and we couldn't have all those tools that we have with the HTTP APIs. All those things you get because you have your API defined with a machine-readable documentation format. And, on top of that, we noticed that some of our customers were creating IoT APIs over MQTT and they couldn't get all the benefits from Hitch because the existing specifications don't support message-driven APIs.

**It was time to come up with something good enough for everyone instead of having every company doing its own battle. We can learn a lot together if we join forces, so we decided to create AsyncAPI!**
```

IMHO we should write:

```
AsyncAPI project started at Hitch (a.k.a. API Changelog). They needed a machine-readable format to describe internal message-driven microservices architecture. The goal was to benefit from it in the same way they already used OpenAPI for their HTTP APIs. This is how inspired by OpenAPI, the AsyncAPI specification was created by [Fran Méndez](https://twitter.com/fmvilas) who worked at Hitch at a time. After publishing the first version, he noticed that he solved not only his problems but the problems of the wider community. This is how AsyncAPI specification started evolving into AsyncAPI Initiative, a project driven not by a single man but a much bigger community, under the umbrella of the Linux Foundation.
```

I know it is not the best text and can be written much better. But I hope you know what I mean 😄 

@alequetzalli can you have a look please?

Reviewer: Oh yes, I have to say that's true... it reads more like a personal account vs a historical narration. I think what @derberg suggests is better for this case. 

Just a few fixes to his text below, ...also, Fran was starting to sound like our savior 😄✌🏽 hehehehehehe...

```suggestion
The AsyncAPI project started at Hitch (a.k.a. API Changelog). Hitch needed a machine-readable format to describe internal message-driven microservices architecture. The goal was to benefit from it in the same way they had used OpenAPI for their HTTP APIs. Inspired by OpenAPI, [Fran Méndez](https://twitter.com/fmvilas), who worked at Hitch at the time, created the AsyncAPI specification. After publishing the first version, he noticed that he solved not only his problems but the problems of the wider community. Eventually, the AsyncAPI specification and community evolved into the AsyncAPI Initiative, a project now under the umbrella of the Linux Foundation.
```

title: About

---
## AsyncAPI

> AsyncAPI is an Apache License 2.0 library under the Linux Foundation that seeks to improve the current state of Event-Driven Architectures (EDA). The AsyncAPI Initiative is a specification and growing set of open-source tools to help developers define asynchronous APIs, and build and maintain event-driven architectures. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AsyncAPI is an Apache License 2.0 library under the Linux Foundation that seeks to improve the current state of event-driven architecture (EDA). The AsyncAPI Initiative is a specification and growing set of open-source tools to help developers define, build, and maintain asynchronous APIs and EDAs. 
```

Because this is the only part in this press page where you capitalized the phrase `event-driven architecture`, it would be inconsistent for it to remain capitalized.

Our long-term goal is to make working with EDAs as easy as working with REST APIs. That goes from documentation to code generation, discovery to event management, and beyond. Our 150+ Open-Source (OSS) contributors are EDA enthusiasts from all around the world.

The AsyncAPI project started at Hitch (a.k.a. API Changelog). Hitch needed a machine-readable format to describe internal message-driven microservices architecture. The goal was to benefit from it in the same way they had used OpenAPI for their HTTP APIs. Inspired by OpenAPI, [Fran Méndez](https://twitter.com/fmvilas), who worked at Hitch at the time, created the AsyncAPI specification. After publishing the first version, he noticed that he solved not only his problems but the problems of the wider community. Eventually, the AsyncAPI specification and community evolved into the AsyncAPI Initiative, a project now under the umbrella of the Linux Foundation.

> This project started at Hitch (a.k.a. API Changelog). We are in love with API machine-readable documentation formats (OpenAPI, RAML, etc.) and always encouraged our customers to use a machine-readable definition for their APIs because it allows them to get extra benefits. From documentation and code generation to setup their own [API Assistant](http://apiassistant.com).
> 
> Internally, we used a message-driven microservices architecture and we couldn't have all those tools that we have with the HTTP APIs. All those things you get because you have your API defined with a machine-readable documentation format. And, on top of that, we noticed that some of our customers were creating IoT APIs over MQTT and they couldn't get all the benefits from Hitch because the existing specifications don't support message-driven APIs.
> 
> **It was time to come up with something good enough for everyone instead of having every company doing its own battle. We can learn a lot together if we join forces, so we decided to create AsyncAPI!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

where this that one come from, it was about `We` again, something that was suppose to be removed. I guess it is copy/paste error

Author: ooohhh yeah, I didn't notice it. 

@alequetzalli could you please suggest some changes in this :grinning:

Reviewer: First, I agree all "we" mentions need to be removed, like @derberg mentions above :)

When you write as "we", it breaks the flow of the rest of the press page because press info should be written in 3rd-person.

Second, lukasz is explaining that entire section is duplicate. That means we don't need it, not that we need to re-write it.

Reviewer 2: @Harish-b-03 I think you did not address this one, I still see `We are in love with API machine-readable documentation formats (OpenAPI, RAML, etc.) and always encouraged our customers`

## Open governance model

Free software allows users to apply, modify, and continue in the chain by distributing copies to help others and, in this case, disseminating modified versions of the specification. 

> Partnership with Postman speeded up the initiative's work in transferring AsyncAPI to a foundation and forming [an open governance model](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/CHARTER.md) to assure the community that a single company does not control AsyncAPI Initiative. This move takes the project to a higher level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transferring AsyncAPI to the Linux Foundation and forming [an open governance model](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/CHARTER.md) assures the community that a single company does not control AsyncAPI Initiative. This move takes the project to a higher level of transparency. 
```

I don't think Postman is relevant in this section. We should be focusing on explaining only that this OSS project works under an Open Governance Model and defining what an Open Governance Model is.

In doing so, we achieve:

- Ensuring an open governance model where no single company dominates the specification and its tools.
- Making the project as democratic as possible.
- Relying on an asynchronous decision-making process that empowers the people who "work," not the companies who "pay." 

In other words, it [gives equal power to individual and corporate contributors](/blog/governance-motivation).

## Maintainers 

**Committers** (also known as **Maintainers**) are the decision-makers at the repository/project level. They regularly contribute to the project and are invited by other maintainers to manage the repository, have more privileges, and approve pull requests.

> The committers rule the repository, but for issues that go beyond that, there is a [Technical Steering Committee (TSC)](/community/tsc). This committee comprises all the maintainers who voluntarily want to be part of this committee, thus taking responsibility for overseeing the initiative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The committers run the repository, but for issues that go beyond that, there is a [Technical Steering Committee (TSC)](/community/tsc). This committee comprises all the maintainers who voluntarily want to be part of this committee, thus taking responsibility for overseeing the initiative.
```

I don't think we want to think of ourselves as `rulers` 👑  tehehe... it sounds like the wrong word to employ when discussing an OSS project. I think the word "run" or "lead" or "guide" are better suited, perhaps?

> You can see the list of maintainers who are also part of the [AsyncAPI TSC here](/community/tsc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the list of maintainers who also form part of the [AsyncAPI TSC here](/community/tsc).
```

## Contributors

We do our best to recognize every contribution to the project. We do it individually in every repository from [AsyncAPI GitHub organization](https://github.com/asyncapi/). There should always be a **Contributors** section in the readme, like [this one](https://github.com/asyncapi/asyncapi/blob/master/README.md#contributors). We use [All Contributors](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/specification) specification to handle recognitions. 

> We apologize in advance if we failed in recognizing your work. Feel free to contact us on [slack](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite/) and we will fix it immediately, or just talk to [All Contributors](https://allcontributors.org) bot.

Reviewer 3: Maybe it is more correct to write _Slack_ with a capital letter at the beginning.

> We apologize in advance if we failed in recognizing your work. Feel free to contact us on [Slack](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite/) and we will fix it immediately, or just talk to [All Contributors](https://allcontributors.org) bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We apologize in advance if we failed to recognize your work. Feel free to contact us on [Slack](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite/), and we will fix it immediately, or just talk to our [All Contributors bot](https://allcontributors.org).
```
edited hyperlink for improved accessibility ✌🏽

## AsyncAPI, in numbers

> We, at AsynAPI, are trying to build the future of Event-Driven Architectures. We are steadily progressing towards our mission and we are growing as a strong community. Interested to know more about our growth? Feel free to check our annual summary report: 

Reviewer: hmmm I would not use `we`, we should keep this in 3rd person...

> We, at AsynAPI, are trying to build the future of Event-Driven Architectures. We are steadily progressing towards our mission and we are growing as a strong community. Interested to know more about our growth? Feel free to check our annual summary report: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interested to know more about our growth? Feel free to check our annual summary report: 
```

The first sentences here were duplicates of other sections on this page and honestly felt verbose. For this part, I think it's a better approach to get to the point and be succinct because then readers can quickly get to the part that answers their questions.

You can see the list of maintainers who also form part of the [AsyncAPI TSC here](/community/tsc).

## Contributors

We do our best to recognize every contribution to the project. We do it individually in every repository from [AsyncAPI GitHub organization](https://github.com/asyncapi/). There should always be a **Contributors** section in the readme, like [this one](https://github.com/asyncapi/asyncapi/blob/master/README.md#contributors). We use [All Contributors](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/specification) specification to handle recognitions. 

We apologize in advance if we failed to recognize your work. Feel free to contact us on [Slack](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite/), and we will fix it immediately, or just talk to our [All Contributors bot](https://allcontributors.org).

## AsyncAPI, in numbers
Interested to know more about our growth? Feel free to check our annual summary report: 
- [Summary report 2020](/blog/2020-summary)
- [Summary report 2021](/blog/2021-summary)
          
## Companies support

This is the list of companies that either provide a significant financial support or delegate their employees to support AsyncAPI with maintainance:

> <Sponsors className="mt-8" />

Reviewer 2: please have a look at solace icon, it looks weirdly scaled

Author: @derberg, but I didnt change that Component file, should I try something to fix this or can I leave it as it is?

Reviewer 2: @Harish-b-03 you are right, sorry, I didn't know it is broken on current website too. Feel free to just open separate issue for it 🙏🏼

Would you like to help us with the maintainance? Contact us on [slack](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite/).

## Open governance model

> Free software gives users the freedom to apply, modify, and continue in the chain by distributing copies to help others and by, in this case, disseminating modified versions of the specification. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Free software allows users to apply, modify, and continue in the chain by distributing copies to help others and, in this case, disseminating modified versions of the specification. 
```

> The above mentioned partnership with Postman speeded up the work in the initiative on transferring AsyncAPI to a foundation and forming an open governance model to assure the community that a single company does not control AsyncAPI Initiative. This move takes the project to a higher level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above-mentioned partnership with Postman speeded up the work in the initiative on transferring AsyncAPI to a foundation and forming an open governance model to assure the community that a single company does not control AsyncAPI Initiative. This move takes the project to a higher level. 
```

> In doing so, it will be achieved:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In doing so, we achieve:
```

> - To ensure an open governance model where no single company dominates the specification and its tools.
> - To make the project as democratic as possible.
> - To rely on an asynchronous decision-making process that empowers the people who "work", not the companies who "pay". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To ensure an open governance model where no single company dominates the specification and its tools.
- To make the project as democratic as possible.
- To rely on an asynchronous decision-making process that empowers the people who "work," not the companies who "pay." 
```

Would you like to help us with the maintainance? Contact us on [slack](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite/).

## Open governance model

Free software allows users to apply, modify, and continue in the chain by distributing copies to help others and, in this case, disseminating modified versions of the specification. 

> The above-mentioned partnership with Postman speeded up the work in the initiative on transferring AsyncAPI to a foundation and forming an open governance model to assure the community that a single company does not control AsyncAPI Initiative. This move takes the project to a higher level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The partnership mentioned above with Postman speeded up the initiative's work in transferring AsyncAPI to a foundation and forming an open governance model to assure the community that a single company does not control AsyncAPI Initiative. This move takes the project to a higher level. 
```

In doing so, we achieve:

> - To ensure an open governance model where no single company dominates the specification and its tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensuring an open governance model where no single company dominates the specification and its tools.
```

> - To make the project as democratic as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Making the project as democratic as possible.
```

> - To rely on an asynchronous decision-making process that empowers the people who "work," not the companies who "pay." 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Relying on an asynchronous decision-making process that empowers the people who "work," not the companies who "pay." 
```

> In other words, it will  give equal power to individual and corporate contributors  [[checkout here for more information](/blog/governance-motivation)].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, it [gives equal power to individual and corporate contributors](/blog/governance-motivation).
```

- [**Adidas**](https://www.adidas.com/us): Company dedicated to the manufacture of sports equipment and fashion products. It is the largest sportswear manufacturer in Europe, second largest in the world. This company has more than 150.000 sales outlets around the world.
- [**Salesforce**](https://login.salesforce.com/?locale=es): Business consultancy company. It provides (CRM) service and other services. It manages from small businesses to FORTUNE 500 companies and it has more than 150,000 customers.
- [**IBM**](https://www.ibm.com): Company that manufactures and markets hardware and software. It has operations in over 170 countries and provides hosting and consulting services in many areas.
- [**SAP**](https://www.sap.com/index.html): Company dedicated to the design of computer products for business management. Develops business software to manage operations and business-to-customer relationships. It’s a large company with 100,330 employees.
- [**IQVIA**](https://www.iqvia.com/"): Company providing services for the combined health information technology and clinical research industries. It employs more than 58.000 people in over 100 countries

> ## Open governance model

Reviewer 2: I think we should first put it before sections about maintainers and contributors, after history

Free software allows users to apply, modify, and continue in the chain by distributing copies to help others and, in this case, disseminating modified versions of the specification. 

> The partnership mentioned above with Postman speeded up the initiative's work in transferring AsyncAPI to a foundation and forming an open governance model to assure the community that a single company does not control AsyncAPI Initiative. This move takes the project to a higher level. 

Reviewer 2: we no longer talk about this partnership as it was before, so nothing is really mentioned above.

> The partnership mentioned above with Postman speeded up the initiative's work in transferring AsyncAPI to a foundation and forming an open governance model to assure the community that a single company does not control AsyncAPI Initiative. This move takes the project to a higher level. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The partnership mentioned above with Postman speeded up the initiative's work in transferring AsyncAPI to a foundation and forming [an open governance model](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/CHARTER.md) to assure the community that a single company does not control AsyncAPI Initiative. This move takes the project to a higher level. 
```

- **Transparent**. The initiative it’s built on transparency, being one of the main values of AsyncAPI, both internally and externally including its financing. All the relevant data of the project is public. The tasks that are being and will be worked on are public and participatory through Slack and GitHub.
- **Horizontal and participative**. Its structure is based on horizontality; most of the decisions are defined as a group, including the Community. Anyone can submit improvements, lines of action, or elements to be taken into account to strengthen AsyncAPI
- **User-friendly**. AsyncAPI bets for a seamless API development experience. Users should be able to create their first API within minutes without prior knowledge of AsyncAPI. It has to be natural, simple, and intuitive.

## Funding

AsyncAPI is an open source project and is therefore funded by talent and voluntary contributions. It relies on the expertise and dedication of the **Community developers** who believe in the project and contribute to its evolution.

> Financially, there are individual donations and contributions made by users of the project, and others that come from different companies and initiatives that trust and support AsyncAPI through sponsorship. The main sponsors that contribute to sustain this initiative are Postman, IQVIA Technology, Mulesoft, Salesforce, SAP, SLACK, Solace, and Tibco.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Financially, there are individual donations and contributions made by users of the project, and others that come from different companies and initiatives that trust and support AsyncAPI through sponsorship. The main sponsors that contribute to sustain this initiative are Postman, IBM, IQVIA Technology and Solace. On different levels project receives contribution from companies like Red Hat and Slack, just to name few.
```

Mulesoft, Salesforce, SAP do not sponsor the initiative

> All the information about the project's economy, the amount of the donations, the identity of the donors, the sponsors supporting the project and the use of this money is public. 99% of the funding goes through the Open Collective. [More information here](https://opencollective.com/asyncapi)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the information about the project's economy, the amount of the donations, the identity of the donors, the sponsors supporting the project and the use of this money is public and goes through the Open Collective. [More information here](https://opencollective.com/asyncapi)
```

> Open Collective is an online crowdfunding platform for open and transparent communities. It provides the necessary tools to collect and share the finances raised with complete transparency. It is an ideal collective for communities such as collaborative groups or open source projects among others. This platform can be used to raise and transparently disburse money for the benefit of their members, their registered projects, and those who want to support them.

Reviewer 2: imho this section can be completely removed as it explains what Open Collective is but the is a section about AsyncAPI

- [**Twitter**](https://twitter.com/asyncapispec?lang=es): It's used for disseminating all the news and information regarding the project, but also for resolving user queries and sharing news of projects related to technology.
- [**Slack workspace**](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite): The main place of encounter for the whole community of AsyncAPI.
- [**Newsletter**](https://www.asyncapi.com/subscribe/): To learn about the status of the project, news, actualizations, recorded events, and meetings.
- [**Blog**](/blog): It’s used to disseminate information related to the project. It's also open to collaborations.
- [**LinkedIn**](https://es.linkedin.com/company/asyncapi): It's used to publish news related to the project or its environment. It’s also used as a source of information.
- [**YouTube Channel**](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbi1gRlP7pijUwZJErzyYf_Rc-PWu4lXS"): Where you can find conferences, AsyncAPI Open Meetings, and much more.
- [**GitHub**](https://github.com/asyncapi): Issues (bugs, feature requests, etc.) and pull requests (PRs) for fixes or new features already discussed, as per the contributing guidelines.

> - [**AsyncAPI Open Meetings**](https://github.com/asyncapi): AsyncAPI hosts different meetings every week. They are focused on different topics, sometimes purely technical and sometimes about community building. Pick one and join us! [Learn more about our meetings](/community/meetings")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [**AsyncAPI Open Meetings**](https://github.com/asyncapi): AsyncAPI hosts different meetings every week. They are focused on different topics, sometimes purely technical and sometimes about community building. Pick one and join us! [Learn more about our meetings](/community/meetings)
```

- **Who are the users of AsyncAPI?** AsyncAPI users are those who implement and maintain event-driven architecture. For example, people that write backend API using WebSocket, or people that maintain communication between their microservices using Kafka
- **What is the AsyncAPI Community?** It’s the core of the initiative. The AsyncAPI community contributes to the development of the tool, it promotes access and distribution of the specification allowing freedom of use, study, copying, modification, and redistribution to anyone who wishes to do so. The cooperation between these people in all areas of software production generates a substantial improvement in the quality of the software, as well as greater dissemination and sustainability over time, and prioritizing the benefit of society over any other.
- **Who can use it?** Anyone. All projects under AsyncAPI Initiative are part of the Linux Foundation, licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. It’s open to use and contribution.
- **Where can I find more information?**
    - Documentation: [https://www.asyncapi.com/docs](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs)

>     - Talk by Fran Méndez, explaining the project: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UID1nnuFDtM&list=PLbi1gRlP7piitNgvqhIAvGNZM_kvP0r8R](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UID1nnuFDtM&list=PLbi1gRlP7piitNgvqhIAvGNZM_kvP0r8R)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - [Official AsyncAPI Documentation](/docs)
    - [Presentation by Fran Méndez, explaining the project](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UID1nnuFDtM&list=PLbi1gRlP7piitNgvqhIAvGNZM_kvP0r8R)
```

> Would you like to get on the list and support us financially? Check out the [sponsoring options](https://opencollective.com/asyncapi).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Would you like to get on the list and support us financially? Check out all [AsyncAPI sponsoring options](https://opencollective.com/asyncapi).
```

edited hyperlink for improved accessibility ✌🏽

> Would you like to help us with the maintainance? Contact us on [Slack](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Would you like to help us with the maintenance? Contact us on [AsyncAPI Slack](https://www.asyncapi.com/slack-invite/).
```
edited hyperlink for improved accessibility ✌🏽

## Brands and companies using AsyncAPI
The total number of companies and projects using AsyncAPI as well as their identity is impossible to know. So far, we are aware that the following ones operate with it.
- [**Slack**](https://slack.com/signin#/signin): Business Communication Platform that permits to operate with multiple channels (public and private). It currently has more than 10 million daily active users worldwide. It was recently acquired by Salesforce.

> - [**Adidas**](https://www.adidas.com/us): Company dedicated to the manufacture of sports equipment and fashion products. It is the largest sportswear manufacturer in Europe, second largest in the world. This company has more than 150.000 sales outlets around the world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Adidas**](https://www.adidas.com/us): Company dedicated to manufacturing sports equipment and fashion products. It is the largest sportswear manufacturer in Europe, and the second largest in the world. This company has more than 150.000 sales outlets around the world.
```

> - [**Salesforce**](https://login.salesforce.com/?locale=es): Business consultancy company. It provides (CRM) service and other services. It manages from small businesses to FORTUNE 500 companies and it has more than 150,000 customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Salesforce**](https://login.salesforce.com/?locale=es): Business consultancy company. It provides (CRM) services and more. It manages from small businesses to FORTUNE 500 companies, and it has more than 150,000 customers.
```

- [**IBM**](https://www.ibm.com): Company that manufactures and markets hardware and software. It has operations in over 170 countries and provides hosting and consulting services in many areas.
- [**SAP**](https://www.sap.com/index.html): Company dedicated to the design of computer products for business management. Develops business software to manage operations and business-to-customer relationships. It’s a large company with 100,330 employees.
- [**IQVIA**](https://www.iqvia.com/"): Company providing services for the combined health information technology and clinical research industries. It employs more than 58.000 people in over 100 countries.

## Values of AsyncAPI

> - **Innovative**. There is no other specification that covers the messaging needs in the event-driven architecture that AsyncAPI is covering. What it tries to do is to integrate with the existing tools and remove walls for communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Innovative**. There is no other specification that covers the messaging needs in event-driven architecture that AsyncAPI is covering. What it tries to do is to integrate with the existing tools and remove walls for communication.
```

- **Free**. It’s a free software project: it seeks the user's liberty by offering a tool that can be used and enhanced without restrictions.

> - **Open**. As it's an open-source project and not a company or a product, it works in a change of paradigm: it does not sell anything, it moves away from fierce competition and bets for cooperation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Open**. As it's an open-source project, not a company or a product. It works in a change of paradigm because it does not sell anything; it moves away from fierce competition and bets for cooperation.
```

- **Multicultural and inclusive**. It’s an initiative with an international and multicultural vision. It’s organic, always in constant mutation and change. It also actively demands compliance with human rights, respect for racial, sexual, and cultural diversity equality. And, of course, the equality between women and men.

> - **Transparent**. The initiative it’s built on transparency, being one of the main values of AsyncAPI, both internally and externally including its financing. All the relevant data of the project is public. The tasks that are being and will be worked on are public and participatory through Slack and GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Transparent**. The initiative is built on transparency, being one of the main values of AsyncAPI, internally and externally, including its financing. All the relevant data of the project is public. All tasks are public, with participation and communication handled through Slack and GitHub.
```

- **Horizontal and participative**. Its structure is based on horizontality; most of the decisions are defined as a group, including the Community. Anyone can submit improvements, lines of action, or elements to be taken into account to strengthen AsyncAPI.

> - **User-friendly**. AsyncAPI bets for a seamless API development experience. Users should be able to create their first API within minutes without prior knowledge of AsyncAPI. It has to be natural, simple, and intuitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **User-friendly**. AsyncAPI bets for a seamless API development experience. Users should be able to create their first API even without prior knowledge of AsyncAPI. It has to be natural, simple, and intuitive.
```
It's too much to assume that everyone will be able to set up their AsyncAPI call within minutes; almost sounds like false marketing 😂  because I doubt we have the data. I would keep it realistic and simply stick to mentioning the strong focus on creating a user-friendly UX.

## Funding

> AsyncAPI is an open source project and is therefore funded by talent and voluntary contributions. It relies on the expertise and dedication of the **Community developers** who believe in the project and contribute to its evolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AsyncAPI is an open-source project funded by both talent and voluntary contributions. It relies on the expertise and dedication of the **Community developers** who believe in the project and contribute to its evolution.
```

> Financially, there are individual donations and contributions made by users of the project, and others that come from different companies and initiatives that trust and support AsyncAPI through sponsorship. The main sponsors that contribute to sustain this initiative are Postman, IBM, IQVIA Technology and Solace. On different levels project receives contribution from companies like Red Hat and Slack, just to name few.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Financially, there are individual donations and contributions made by users of the project, and others from different companies and initiatives that trust and support AsyncAPI through sponsorship. The main sponsors that contribute to sustaining this initiative are Postman, IBM, IQVIA Technology, and Solace. AsyncAPI also receives different levels of contributions from other companies such as Red Hat, Slack, etc.
```

> All the information about the project's economy, the amount of the donations, the identity of the donors, the sponsors supporting the project and the use of this money is public and goes through the Open Collective. [More information here](https://opencollective.com/asyncapi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the information about the project's economy, the amount of the donations, the identity of the donors, the sponsors supporting the project, and the use of this money is public via the [AsyncAPI Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/asyncapi).
```

## Contact details

- Press & communications info:
[**press@asyncapi.io**](mailto:press@asyncapi.io).

> - [**Twitter**](https://twitter.com/asyncapispec?lang=es): It's used for disseminating all the news and information regarding the project, but also for resolving user queries and sharing news of projects related to technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Twitter**](https://twitter.com/asyncapispec?lang=es): It's used for disseminating all news and information regarding the project, resolving user queries, and sharing the latest updates within AsyncAPI.
```

- [**Newsletter**](https://www.asyncapi.com/subscribe/): To learn about the status of the project, news, actualizations, recorded events, and meetings.
- [**Blog**](/blog): It’s used to disseminate information related to the project. It's also open to collaborations.
- [**LinkedIn**](https://es.linkedin.com/company/asyncapi): It's used to publish news related to the project or its environment. It’s also used as a source of information.
- [**YouTube Channel**](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbi1gRlP7pijUwZJErzyYf_Rc-PWu4lXS"): Where you can find conferences, AsyncAPI Open Meetings, and much more.
- [**GitHub**](https://github.com/asyncapi): Issues (bugs, feature requests, etc.) and pull requests (PRs) for fixes or new features already discussed, as per the contributing guidelines.
- [**AsyncAPI Open Meetings**](https://github.com/asyncapi): AsyncAPI hosts different meetings every week. They are focused on different topics, sometimes purely technical and sometimes about community building. Pick one and join us! [Learn more about our meetings](/community/meetings)

> ## Frequently asked questions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## FAQs
```

> 

Reviewer 3: The Solace logo is a bit distorted.

Author: Hii, That is related to the `Sponsors` component, which is used in many pages. and i didn't make any changes in that. I think this should not be a problem now 😀 :. Thank you :grin:

- [**Adidas**](https://www.adidas.com/us): Company dedicated to the manufacture of sports equipment and fashion products. It is the largest sportswear manufacturer in Europe, second largest in the world. This company has more than 150.000 sales outlets around the world.
- [**Salesforce**](https://login.salesforce.com/?locale=es): Business consultancy company. It provides (CRM) service and other services. It manages from small businesses to FORTUNE 500 companies and it has more than 150,000 customers.
- [**IBM**](https://www.ibm.com): Company that manufactures and markets hardware and software. It has operations in over 170 countries and provides hosting and consulting services in many areas.
- [**SAP**](https://www.sap.com/index.html): Company dedicated to the design of computer products for business management. Develops business software to manage operations and business-to-customer relationships. It’s a large company with 100,330 employees.

> - [**IQVIA**](https://www.iqvia.com/"): Company providing services for the combined health information technology and clinical research industries. It employs more than 58.000 people in over 100 countries

Reviewer 3: Some paragraphs, like this one, are missing the endpoint.
